draft task-planner (#1)
alem-platform/frontend: task-planner/README.md

- Mark tasks as completed.
- Filter tasks.
- Sort the task list.
- Select multiple tasks to perform various operations on them.
- Drag and drop tasks to change their positions.
- Persist the task list across browser reloads.
- Reflect application's state in the URL.

## Context

Learning to manipulate the browser and its [DOM](https://developer.mozilla.org/ru/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model) is essential on your frontend development journey. The browser works by utilizing events, so you should adjust your mental model to get used to it.

## Resources

<!-- Tip: useful resources here -->
- [Structuring the web with HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML)
- [Learn to style HTML using CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS)
- [Introduction to events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks/Events)
- [Client-side storage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs/Client-side_storage)
- [Event bubbling](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks/Event_bubbling)
- [URL](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL)

## General Criteria

> - Your program MUST be able to compile successfully.
> - Your application MUST not throw errors in the browser console.  If not, you will be graded `0` automatically.
> - Third party libraries aren't allowed. You MUST use only standard browser API's. If not, you will get `0` grade.
> - The project MUST run by opening `index.html` in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your HTML MUST pass [W3C HTMLvalidator](https://validator.w3.org)
- Your CSS MUST pass [W3C CSS Validation](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)
- CSS must work on the latest versions of Chrome, Firefox, and Safari
- JavaScript Code MUST follow a standard ESLint rule.
- The project MUST run without errors in the console on a modern browser (e.g., Chrome, Firefox, Edge).
- Your code MUST NOT crash or throw runtime exceptions (e.g., undefined errors, TypeError, etc.).
- No external packages or CDN imports are allowed (other than mandatory polyfills or fonts).
- Only vanilla HTML, CSS, and JavaScript are allowed. No external libraries or frameworks (e.g., jQuery, React, Bootstrap) are permitted unless explicitly specified.
- If the application crashes unexpectedly during the review, you will receive a 0.
```
